index.rst, before:

.. Pyramid Tutorial documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Jul 12 17:09:49 2011.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to the Pyramid Tutorial
===============================

The complete notes and code for the tutorial will appear on this site on
the day of the tutorial. For now, please read the requirements section and
try to prepare your tutorial computer to avoid losing time setting up that
day.

Please answer the survey
------------------------

Three hours is a short time for a tutorial. To take maximum advantage of
the available time, please help me by filling up the survey at the 
bottom of this page. This will allow me to tailor the content to better
suit your needs and expectations.

Feel free to use the comments
-----------------------------

If you want to comment about the tutorial or ask any question related to
it, please use the comments at the bottom of the page. I'll do my best to
answer all queries.

Contents:
=========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   prerequisites.rst

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

removed indexes and tables, added book give away information

index.rst, after:

.. Pyramid Tutorial documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Jul 12 17:09:49 2011.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to the Pyramid Tutorial
===============================

The complete notes and code for the tutorial will appear on this site on
the day of the tutorial. For now, please read the requirements section and
try to prepare your tutorial computer to avoid losing time setting up that
day.

Please answer the survey - Win Pyramid book
-------------------------------------------

Three hours is a short time for a tutorial. To take maximum advantage of
the available time, please help me by filling up the survey at the 
bottom of this page. This will allow me to tailor the content to better
suit your needs and expectations.

To make it worth your while, 3 pyramid books will be given away to
randomly chosen survey responders who choose to include their email in the
survey answers.

Feel free to use the comments
-----------------------------

If you want to comment about the tutorial or ask any question related to
it, please use the comments at the bottom of the page. I'll do my best to
answer all queries.

Contents:
=========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   prerequisites.rst
